c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Venix.ODE.app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\bin\Debug\VenixODE.exe
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\bin\Debug\VenixODE.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\VenixODE_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\VenixODE.g.resources
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\VenixODE.exe
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Venix.ODE.app\Venix.ODE.app\obj\Debug\VenixODE.pdb
